README.md, before:

# SimpleTinyLlama

[TinyLlama](https://github.com/jzhang38/TinyLlama) is a relatively small large language model with impressive capabilities for its size.
The goal of this project is to serve as a simpler implementation of TinyLlama. The only required dependency is PyTorch.

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/assets/18725165/834efd71-e933-407f-92bb-f19979c34188" width="300"/>
</div>

# Installation and usage

1. Install [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/).
2. Download and extract this repository.
3. Run `main_chat.py` to chat with the llama.
4. Press CTRL + C to interrupt the response.
5. Press CTRL + C again to exit the program.

# Example
![Example of asking about the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow](https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/assets/18725165/ea0ecd8e-458c-4241-944f-e199a5836635)

# Notes

- CUDA will be used if available, but requires approximately 6 GB of VRAM. If you do not have that much VRAM, you can set the computation device manually in [`main_chat.py`](https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/blob/main/main_chat.py#L18).
- Only inference is supported. Training is not supported.
- Chat history is currently not supported.
- Key/value caching is currently not supported.
- For simplicity and compatibility with older hardware, the default data type is `torch.float32`. It is trivial to convert the `state_dict` weights to `torch.float16` or `torch.bfloat16` if desired. The output seems to be identical.
- This project includes a pure Python implementation of a subset of the Sentencepiece tokenizer. It is not as fast as the C++ implementation, but it is sufficient for this project.

Commit message:

Add key-value-caching, adapt tokenizer format to v1.0, load safetensors

README.md, after:

# SimpleTinyLlama

[TinyLlama](https://github.com/jzhang38/TinyLlama) is a relatively small large language model with impressive capabilities for its size.
The goal of this project is to serve as a simpler implementation of TinyLlama. The only required dependency is PyTorch.

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/assets/18725165/834efd71-e933-407f-92bb-f19979c34188" width="300"/>
</div>

# Installation and usage

1. Install [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/).
2. Download and extract this repository.
3. Run `main.py` to chat with the llama.
4. Press CTRL + C to interrupt the response.
5. Press CTRL + C again to exit the program.

# Example
![Example of asking about the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow](https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/assets/18725165/ea0ecd8e-458c-4241-944f-e199a5836635)

# Notes

- CUDA will be used if available, but requires approximately 6 GB of VRAM. If you do not have that much VRAM, you can set the computation device manually in [`main.py`](https://github.com/99991/SimpleTinyLlama/blob/main/main.py#L18).
- Only inference is supported. Training is not supported.
- Chat history is currently not supported.
- This project includes a pure Python implementation of a subset of the Sentencepiece tokenizer. It is not as fast as the C++ implementation, but it is sufficient for this project.

# TODO

- Update tests to work with version 1.0 of TinyLlama (chat format changed).
